Add example: Firebase authentication + SSR (#15202)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-firebase-authentication/README.md

# With Firebase Authentication

> An example and helper library is available here: [gladly-team/next-firebase-auth](https://github.com/gladly-team/next-firebase-auth)

Reviewer: Let's add a better description here, that includes why should you look into the `next-firebase-auth` package to do firebase authentication (and add a link to the package), and then also add a link to the example that uses it, as it may not be clear enough what do you need to do to get something running.

Author: Updated.

# With Firebase Authentication

> This example has been moved here: [gladly-team/next-firebase-auth](https://github.com/gladly-team/next-firebase-auth)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [next-firebase-auth](https://github.com/gladly-team/next-firebase-auth) repo and their [official example](https://github.com/gladly-team/next-firebase-auth/tree/main/example) for a powerful implementation of Firebase authentication.
```
